visit monsoon times in Bombay and it's
raining cats and dogs what better time
to have some hot onion rings right I'm
sure you would love to have them to
you're with me harsh on all cooked up
and today I'm going to show you how to
make some fantastic onion rings so get
ready
for the onion rings you will need 3
large onions either red or white half a
cup flour 3/4 tsp salt a pinch of pepper
1/2 a tsp baking powder 1 egg 1/2 cup
milk and cooking oil for deep-frying
start with take the flour in a big bowl
and add salt the baking powder and the
pepper so mix all the dry ingredients
well once heaven having done back put
them aside and break an egg whisk the
egg well and add the milk to it and
continue whisking Mousavi the agat adds
the volume when you are frying the onion
wings so that the crisp layer becomes
nice and crunchy
now take your frying oil and heat it in
a skillet keep some newspapers ready or
some tissue paper in which you can push
your fried onions once they are ready
now the onions have cut into rings then
I've separated them like that and that's
why they're Honus onion rings now that I
know that my oil is hot I'm going to
take the rings and dip them into my egg
batter and nicely coated with deep claw
batter we ensure that the entire ring is
coated may seem a little tedious but not
that bad
and see my first were almost done let's
get them out dry them out and this is
our last batch of these lovely golden
onion rings and I'm going to try some
monsoon just got better and what about a
like about this recipe as the coating is
not too thick like you get elsewhere
just finally thinly coated so you get a
good taste of the onion and the batter
well I hope you enjoyed watching my
video on how to make simple easy onion
rings on all cooktop continue watching
me on all cooked up for such simple easy
recipes don't forget to press the like
button to subscribe to my channels who
continuously get to know what I'm
cooking next and if you've done this at
home if you cook these at home do let me
know how they've come up right so now
I'm going to go back and join this wet
monsoon weather and you go back to your
kitchen and cook some of these bye for
now